Document changes v6.2.0 #429 (#430)
enonic/app-guillotine: docs/endpoints.adoc

----

For more details about vhosts, check out the https://developer.enonic.com/docs/xp/stable/deployment/vhosts[XP documentation]

> Starting from the version 6.2.0 the Guillotine exposes new GET `/site/<project-name>`endpoint to provide query playground with GraphiQL UI. By default, that endpoint is disabled, in order to enabled you must use the configuration `com.enonic.app.guillotine.cfg` file with the `queryplayground.ui.mode=on` option, to disable it again use the `off` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from version 6.2.0, the Guillotine exposes a new GET `/site/<project-name>` endpoint to provide a query playground with GraphiQL UI. To enable the endpoint, use the configuration `com.enonic.app.guillotine.cfg` file with the `queryplayground.ui.mode=on` option; to disable it, use the `off` value. The default value is determined by the XP distribution type: on server-based distributions, the endpoint is off, while on SDK-based distributions, the endpoint is on.
```

> Starting from version 6.2.0, the Guillotine exposes a new GET `/site/<project-name>` endpoint to provide a query playground with GraphiQL UI. To enable the endpoint, use the configuration `com.enonic.app.guillotine.cfg` file with the `queryplayground.ui.mode=on` option; to disable it, use the `off` value. The default value is determined by the XP distribution type: on server-based distributions, the endpoint is off, while on SDK-based distributions, the endpoint is on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting from version 6.2.0, the Guillotine exposes a new GET `/site/<project-name>` endpoint to provide a query playground with GraphiQL UI. 

.To enable the endpoint:
[source,properties]
----
queryplayground.ui.mode=on
----

.To disable the endpoint:
[source,properties]
----
queryplayground.ui.mode=off
----

The default value is determined by the XP distribution type: on server-based distributions the endpoint is off, while on SDK-based distributions it is on.
```
